yo Eliot
so mr. sweaty hands is puking all over
the place every time he does a leg
workout let me describe his workout
basically his problem is how do I stop
puking and passing out when I do leg
workouts so here's what he does leg
press three sets of ten squats force it
to eight straight leg deadlifts four
sets of ten lunges three sets of twenty
extensions and curls three sets of ten
each standing calf raise and seated calf
raise look if I do that workout I pass
out and puke also and I understand
you're a bodybuilder and volume is
important but this is a lot of shit I
don't know where the fuck you got that
workout from your reading muscle in
fiction or something like that and you
saw one of the pro bodybuilders workouts
by the way they don't do those workouts
those are made up by editors and shit
that's a psychotic workout that's a lot
of volume and if your intensity is high
you're a strong guy and you're using
heavier weights I don't see how you
could get through that workout without
passing out and puking now the reason
why that happens the reason why you pass
out in puke is because when all the
blood that would be in your stomach and
your digestive in your head you'd
understand you literally got like two
brains your stomach your digestive
system and your head take up the
majority of your blood your nervous
energy all the the hormones are produced
via the stomach and the head
neurotransmitters these are these are
high demand centers of the body your
brain and your stomach and any drop in
blood or life force to those in it those
two spots is gonna you're gonna drop
right so what's happening is you're
training your legs so much that all of
the blood and energy is going down below
and it's draining your brain so you
fucking pass out and draining your
stomach so there's basically you got to
throw up the food because there's
there's no blood there to help deal with
the digestive process so your stomach
says well I can't do anything with this
that so you're throwing up and passing
out because all of your lifeforce and
blood is down in your legs because you
do a crazy freakin workout so the reason
why
is when I just described the reason why
you're having problems is your workouts
crazy I even as a bodybuilder that type
of volume is unnecessary cut that shit
in half and you'll still you may even
make better gains doing half of that
half that work alright cuz you'll keep
your food down that's it dude
good luck talk to you next time
yo Eliot